hey guys what's up and welcome back to
the small eyes YouTube channel today I
have a 20 minute hit workout for you
indoors it's not going to be so high
intensity that you couldn't do it every
day if you wanted this workout would be
great for you to do whenever you need to
get your step count up if you feel like
you've been sitting all day or you just
need a quick little something to get
your tub ilysm going this is the workout
for you you are going to be doing 10
exercises 30 seconds of work followed by
30 seconds of rest and then you're going
to repeat that circuit another time for
total of 20 minutes so once you see the
end of this video started over and
repeat the circuit one more time if you
like this workout please give it a like
and smash that subscribe button enjoying
this amazing community of other petite
like-minded women and less assortment
this
[Music]
[Applause]
awesome work you guys I hope you enjoy
it moving your body with me today if you
did give it a like and subscribe for
more content tailor to petite women and
I will see you guys next week
[Music]